content/pages/chatroom.md, before:

Title: Chat Room

Meetup events aren't the only time for chatting.  There's also a
\#sandiegopython IRC channel on Freenode. Sign on to ask questions,
give answers, or just hang out.

This page contains instructions for signing onto the IRC channel.

### Web Client

If you haven't used IRC before, the fastest way to start is by using
the web client. You don't need to install anything on your computer for
this.

You'll need to choose a unique username and then you'll be put in the
\#sandiegopython channel on Freenode.  You can type by clicking in the
text box at the bottom and using your keyboard.

Visit the Web Client:
<https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=sandiegopython>


### Installing an IRC client

- [XChat](http://xchat.org/) (Linux, Windows, Mac)
- [Limechat](http://limechat.net/mac/) (Mac)
- [mIRC](http://www.mirc.com/) (Windows)

When setting up your IRC client:

1. Select the FreeNode server (or enter irc.freenode.net)
2. Join the channel #sandiegopython

Alternatively click this link after installing your IRC client:
[irc://irc.freenode.net/sandiegopython](irc://irc.freenode.net/sandiegopython)


### More Resources

- [Introduction to IRC](http://www.pyladies.com/blog/irc-resources/)
  from the PyLadies blog

Commit message:

Add the slack channel to the site
- Add to the sidebar
- Add to the chatroom page

content/pages/chatroom.md, after:

Title: Chat Room

Meetup events aren't the only time for chatting.  There's also a
\#sandiegopython IRC channel on Freenode as well as our Slack channel.
Sign on to ask questions, give answers, or just hang out.

### Slack

San Diego Python's Slack channel is available at
[pythonsd.slack.com](https://pythonsd.slack.com/). To join, you have to
be invited. Use the Web Client below to join IRC and request an invite to
Slack.


### Web Client

If you haven't used IRC before, the fastest way to start is by using
the web client. You don't need to install anything on your computer for
this.

You'll need to choose a unique username and then you'll be put in the
\#sandiegopython channel on Freenode.  You can type by clicking in the
text box at the bottom and using your keyboard.

Visit the Web Client:
<https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=sandiegopython>


### Installing an IRC client

- [XChat](http://xchat.org/) (Linux, Windows, Mac)
- [Limechat](http://limechat.net/mac/) (Mac)
- [mIRC](http://www.mirc.com/) (Windows)

When setting up your IRC client:

1. Select the FreeNode server (or enter irc.freenode.net)
2. Join the channel #sandiegopython

Alternatively click this link after installing your IRC client:
[irc://irc.freenode.net/sandiegopython](irc://irc.freenode.net/sandiegopython)


### More Resources

- [Introduction to IRC](http://www.pyladies.com/blog/irc-resources/)
  from the PyLadies blog
