content/pages/code-of-conduct.md, before:

Title: Code of Conduct

San Diego Python is a community intended for learning, networking, and collaboration and has members with different backgrounds and perspectives from all over the greater San Diego area and beyond.

Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to communication issues and unhappiness. To that end, we have a few ground rules that we ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to organizers as well as members.

This isn't an exhaustive list of things that you can't do. Rather, take it in the spirit in which it's intended - a guide to make it easier to enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we participate.

This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by San Diego Python. This includes IRC, mailing lists, and San Diego Python events. In addition, violations of this code outside these spaces may affect a person's ability to participate within them.

* **Be friendly and patient.**
* **Be welcoming.** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, color, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
* **Be respectful.** Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It's important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of San Diego Python should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with people outside of the San Diego Python community.
* **Be careful in the words that you choose.** We are a community of members with a wide range of backgrounds, but we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other members. Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren't acceptable. This includes, but is not limited to:
    * Violent threats or language directed against another person.
    * Discriminatory jokes and language.
    * Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
    * Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally identifying information ("doxing").
    * Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.
    * Unwelcome sexual attention.
    * Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
    * Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you to stop, then stop.
* **When we disagree, try to understand why.** Disagreements, both social and technical, happen all the time and San Diego Python is no exception. It is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively. Remember that we're different. The strength of San Diego Python comes from its varied community, people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different perspectives on issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn't mean that they're wrong. Don't forget that it is human to err and blaming each other doesn't get us anywhere, rather offer to help resolving issues and to help learn from mistakes.


If you have questions about this code of conduct, don't hesitate to contact [the organizers][].

[the organizers]: mailto:sandiegopython-organizers@googlegroups.com


----


This code of conduct was adapted from the [Django community code of conduct](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/).

Commit message:

Reference the Code of Conduct Committee

content/pages/code-of-conduct.md, after:

Title: Code of Conduct

San Diego Python is a community intended for learning, networking, and collaboration and has members with different backgrounds and perspectives from all over the greater San Diego area and beyond.

Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to communication issues and unhappiness. To that end, we have a few ground rules that we ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to organizers as well as members.

This isn't an exhaustive list of things that you can't do. Rather, take it in the spirit in which it's intended - a guide to make it easier to enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we participate.

This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by San Diego Python. This includes IRC, mailing lists, and San Diego Python events. In addition, violations of this code outside these spaces may affect a person's ability to participate within them.

If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct, we ask that you report it by emailing [sandiegopython-conduct@googlegroups.com][coc-committee].

* **Be friendly and patient.**
* **Be welcoming.** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, color, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, and mental and physical ability.
* **Be respectful.** Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It's important to remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not a productive one. Members of San Diego Python should be respectful when dealing with other members as well as with people outside of the San Diego Python community.
* **Be careful in the words that you choose.** We are a community of members with a wide range of backgrounds, but we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other members. Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren't acceptable. This includes, but is not limited to:
    * Violent threats or language directed against another person.
    * Discriminatory jokes and language.
    * Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
    * Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally identifying information ("doxing").
    * Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.
    * Unwelcome sexual attention.
    * Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
    * Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you to stop, then stop.
* **When we disagree, try to understand why.** Disagreements, both social and technical, happen all the time and San Diego Python is no exception. It is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views constructively. Remember that we're different. The strength of San Diego Python comes from its varied community, people from a wide range of backgrounds. Different people have different perspectives on issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint doesn't mean that they're wrong. Don't forget that it is human to err and blaming each other doesn't get us anywhere, rather offer to help resolving issues and to help learn from mistakes.


If you have questions about this code of conduct, don't hesitate to contact the [Python SD Code of Conduct Committee][coc-committee].

Our Code of Conduct Committee consists of the following individuals: [Alain Domissy][], [David Fischer][], [Melanie Crutchfield][], and [Trey Hunner][].

[coc-committee]: mailto:sandiegopython-conduct@googlegroups.com
[Alain Domissy]: https://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/members/35674822/
[David Fischer]: https://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/members/35125652/
[Melanie Crutchfield]: https://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/members/153989962/
[Trey Hunner]: https://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/members/13614009/


----


This code of conduct was adapted from the [Django community code of conduct](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/).
