content/pages/getting-started.md, before:

Title: Getting started

New to Python
=============

If you are new to Python or new to San Diego Python, you have come to the
right place! This is a guide written to help people learn Python, learn
about the larger Python community and to learn about the local Python
community.

Some people can learn a new programming language by simply reading online
guides. Other folks find that classes or books work best for them. To help
bootstrap the learning process, the San Diego Python group periodically
hosts workshops on various topics such as Python for beginners, Python for
web programmers or Python for data analysis. There is plenty of material out
on the wider internet but there is also more local people who can give
some guidance as well.

If you haven't done so already, join the
[San Diego Python group](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/)!


Online guides
-------------

* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/) - one of the best guides out there. It covers everything from installation to common modules and writing great code. It is highly recommended for novices as
 well as advanced Pythonistas.
* [Official Python documentation](http://docs.python.org/2/) - this is the
 official documentation from Python.org. The Python3 docs are
 [here](http://docs.python.org/3/). It is recommended that you keep a copy
 under your pillow.
* [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book) - a
 free online guide for people who want step by step tutorials for learning
 Python. There are over 50 exercises here.

The Python guide has a whole section on
[learning Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/intro/learning/)
as well.


Online classes
--------------

* [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/) - this is
 the course (videos and PDF) that goes along with the online guide. Take
 a look at the guide and if you feel you would like a bit more then the
 course may be for you. The course is $29.
* [Codeacademy](http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python) - Codeacademy has
 a number of online courses available for learning Python.
* [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/courses?search=python) - Coursera
 also has a number of courses.


Books
-----

Other than Learn Python the Hard Way (which is arguably a book) probably
the most well known Python books are:

* Python in a Nutshell by Alex Martelli
* Learning Python or Programming Python by Mark Lutz

There are other more topic specific books including:

* Python for Data Analysis by Wes McKinney
* Python Algorithms by Magnus Lie Hetland
* Python Standard Library by Example by Doug Hellman


Videos
------

There are great videos for both Python novices as well as experts.

* [PyVideos](http://pyvideo.org/) - The big Python conferences such as
 PyCon and Djangocon are recorded and the videos are made freely available.
* [Getting started with Django](http://gettingstartedwithdjango.com/) -
 This kickstarter funded video series is for people with some Python
 background who are looking to learn Django.


Past San Diego Python workshops
-------------------------------

We host a number of workshops throughout the year and often they are
sponsored by the [Python Software Foundation](http://www.python.org/psf/)
or local companies such as
[Brightscope](http://www.brightscope.com/),
[Cuker Interactive](http://www.cukerinteractive.com/) or
[Qualcomm](http://qualcomm.com).

* Intro to Python - we hold this workshop periodically to get people
 started on the Python programming language. We held one in
 [October 2012](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/79563702/) and
 in [January 2013](http://pythonsd.org/january-2013-intro-to-python.html)
* Web programming - we held a couple different workshops focusing on
 web programming including Django Day in
 [February 2013](http://pythonsd.org/february-2013-django-day.html) and
 and Intro to Django workshop in
 [November 2012](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/83842622/)
* Data analysis - we held a data analysis workshop in
 [April 2013](http://pythonsd.org/april-2013-data-analysis.html)

If there is something in particular you would like to see, feel free
to mention it to the
[San Diego Python organizers](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/suggestion/)


Where to get help locally
-------------------------

You can always [email the Meetup group](mailto:PythonSD-list@meetup.com).
To do so you need to be a member of the group and you must email the list
from your registerred email. If you feel a bit shy about sending a note so
widely, you can [send a note](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/suggestion/)
that only goes to the organizers.

You can ask one of the members on IRC. IRC is an old-school program for
chat rooms popular with technology and open source communities. The San
Diego Python group's channel (chat room) is #sandiegopython on freenode.
To try it out, go to [webchat.freenode.net](http://webchat.freenode.net/)
and type in any nickname in the Nickname box and #sandiegopython in the
Channels box. Fill out a captcha and you can talk to somebody from the
group. There is almost always somebody in the chatroom although they
may be away or sleeping.

Feel free to ask one of the organizers of the monthly meetup which is
always the fourth Thursday of every month. See our
[meetup site](http://meetup.com/pythonsd) for the latest information.


Common uses of Python
=====================

In reality, pretty much anything can be built with Python. However, there
are very large Python communities around certain aspects of software.


Data analysis and scientific programming
----------------------------------------

San Diego has a lot of biotech companies, labs and other science and math
heavy industries. Many people are exposed to Python through some of the
big scientific Python packages (like NumPy or SciPy) or through one of
scientific Python distributions ([enthought](https://www.enthought.com/)
sponsored us once).

There is more detail about common packages in the
[Hitchhiker's guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/scenarios/scientific/). Locally, there are a few members who specialize in scientific
computing and we have held workshops on data analysis.


Web programming
---------------

Python is a very popular language for building dynamic websites. There is
more detail in the
[Hitchhiker's guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/scenarios/web/).

While this site is not the most dynamic, it too is built in Python. A number
of the San Diego Python organizers come from this background so feel free
to ask when you have questions or concerns.


Local companies using Python
============================

You need go no further than our [sponsors](http://pythonsd.org) to see
local companies using Python, but here is some more details:

* Qualcomm - Qualcomm uses Python for test automation, data analysis
 and prototyping.
* Cuker Interactive - Cuker is a full service web design and marketing
 strategy company with a content management system built with Python.
* Brightscope - Brightscope is a financial information company that does
 some data crunching and built its website with Python.


This guide
==========

The goal of this guide is to help people in the San Diego Python group
familiarize themselves with the Python language, larger Python community,
and local Python community.


Contributing
------------

The guide is intended to be a "living guide" meaning that it will change
over time and receive updates when better information becomes available.
With that said, to contribute to the guide, please send a
[pull request](https://github.com/pythonsd/pythonsd.org/tree/master/content/pages)
on GitHub or mention additions or corrections to one of the San Diego Python
organizers.

Commit message:

Note the google group in getting local help

content/pages/getting-started.md, after:

Title: Getting started

New to Python
=============

If you are new to Python or new to San Diego Python, you have come to the
right place! This is a guide written to help people learn Python, learn
about the larger Python community and to learn about the local Python
community.

Some people can learn a new programming language by simply reading online
guides. Other folks find that classes or books work best for them. To help
bootstrap the learning process, the San Diego Python group periodically
hosts workshops on various topics such as Python for beginners, Python for
web programmers or Python for data analysis. There is plenty of material out
on the wider internet but there is also more local people who can give
some guidance as well.

If you haven't done so already, join the
[San Diego Python group](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/)!


Online guides
-------------

* [The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/) - one of the best guides out there. It covers everything from installation to common modules and writing great code. It is highly recommended for novices as
 well as advanced Pythonistas.
* [Official Python documentation](http://docs.python.org/2/) - this is the
 official documentation from Python.org. The Python3 docs are
 [here](http://docs.python.org/3/). It is recommended that you keep a copy
 under your pillow.
* [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/book) - a
 free online guide for people who want step by step tutorials for learning
 Python. There are over 50 exercises here.

The Python guide has a whole section on
[learning Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/intro/learning/)
as well.


Online classes
--------------

* [Learn Python the Hard Way](http://learnpythonthehardway.org/) - this is
 the course (videos and PDF) that goes along with the online guide. Take
 a look at the guide and if you feel you would like a bit more then the
 course may be for you. The course is $29.
* [Codeacademy](http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python) - Codeacademy has
 a number of online courses available for learning Python.
* [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/courses?search=python) - Coursera
 also has a number of courses.


Books
-----

Other than Learn Python the Hard Way (which is arguably a book) probably
the most well known Python books are:

* Python in a Nutshell by Alex Martelli
* Learning Python or Programming Python by Mark Lutz

There are other more topic specific books including:

* Python for Data Analysis by Wes McKinney
* Python Algorithms by Magnus Lie Hetland
* Python Standard Library by Example by Doug Hellman


Videos
------

There are great videos for both Python novices as well as experts.

* [PyVideos](http://pyvideo.org/) - The big Python conferences such as
 PyCon and Djangocon are recorded and the videos are made freely available.
* [Getting started with Django](http://gettingstartedwithdjango.com/) -
 This kickstarter funded video series is for people with some Python
 background who are looking to learn Django.


Past San Diego Python workshops
-------------------------------

We host a number of workshops throughout the year and often they are
sponsored by the [Python Software Foundation](http://www.python.org/psf/)
or local companies such as
[Brightscope](http://www.brightscope.com/),
[Cuker Interactive](http://www.cukerinteractive.com/) or
[Qualcomm](http://qualcomm.com).

* Intro to Python - we hold this workshop periodically to get people
 started on the Python programming language. We held one in
 [October 2012](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/79563702/) and
 in [January 2013](http://pythonsd.org/january-2013-intro-to-python.html)
* Web programming - we held a couple different workshops focusing on
 web programming including Django Day in
 [February 2013](http://pythonsd.org/february-2013-django-day.html) and
 and Intro to Django workshop in
 [November 2012](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/83842622/)
* Data analysis - we held a data analysis workshop in
 [April 2013](http://pythonsd.org/april-2013-data-analysis.html)

If there is something in particular you would like to see, feel free
to mention it to the
[San Diego Python organizers](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/suggestion/)


Where to get help locally
-------------------------

In addition to showing up at our monthly Meetups and asking a question,
you can start a thread on our
[Google group](https://groups.google.com/group/pythonsd) which is setup
specifically for getting help on local Python projects. Over 100 local
people monitor that group and one of the members will answer your
question fairly quickly.

You can ask one of the members on IRC. IRC is an old-school program for
chat rooms popular with technology and open source communities. The San
Diego Python group's channel (chat room) is #sandiegopython on freenode.
To try it out, go to [webchat.freenode.net](http://webchat.freenode.net/)
and type in any nickname in the Nickname box and #sandiegopython in the
Channels box. Fill out a captcha and you can talk to somebody from the
group. There is almost always somebody in the chatroom although they
may be away or sleeping.


Common uses of Python
=====================

In reality, pretty much anything can be built with Python. However, there
are very large Python communities around certain aspects of software.


Data analysis and scientific programming
----------------------------------------

San Diego has a lot of biotech companies, labs and other science and math
heavy industries. Many people are exposed to Python through some of the
big scientific Python packages (like NumPy or SciPy) or through one of
scientific Python distributions ([enthought](https://www.enthought.com/)
sponsored us once).

There is more detail about common packages in the
[Hitchhiker's guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/scenarios/scientific/). Locally, there are a few members who specialize in scientific
computing and we have held workshops on data analysis.


Web programming
---------------

Python is a very popular language for building dynamic websites. There is
more detail in the
[Hitchhiker's guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/scenarios/web/).

While this site is not the most dynamic, it too is built in Python. A number
of the San Diego Python organizers come from this background so feel free
to ask when you have questions or concerns.


Local companies using Python
============================

You need go no further than our [sponsors](http://pythonsd.org) to see
local companies using Python, but here is some more details:

* Qualcomm - Qualcomm uses Python for test automation, data analysis
 and prototyping.
* Cuker Interactive - Cuker is a full service web design and marketing
 strategy company with a content management system built with Python.
* Brightscope - Brightscope is a financial information company that does
 some data crunching and built its website with Python.


This guide
==========

The goal of this guide is to help people in the San Diego Python group
familiarize themselves with the Python language, larger Python community,
and local Python community.


Contributing
------------

The guide is intended to be a "living guide" meaning that it will change
over time and receive updates when better information becomes available.
With that said, to contribute to the guide, please send a
[pull request](https://github.com/pythonsd/pythonsd.org/tree/master/content/pages)
on GitHub or mention additions or corrections to one of the San Diego Python
organizers.
