content/pages/workshops.md, before:

Title: Workshops

## Workshops Materials

Our latest workshop materials:

- [Test-Driven Django Development][django tdd: latest]


## Running Your Own Workshop

Want to run your own workshop?  Our workshop materials are provided under non-restrictive licenses.

If you do use our workshop materials, please send us an email to let us know what you think!


## Past Workshops

We host a number of workshops throughout the year and often they are
sponsored by the [Python Software Foundation](http://www.python.org/psf/)
or local companies such as
[Brightscope](http://www.brightscope.com/),
[Cuker Interactive](http://www.cukerinteractive.com/) or
[Qualcomm](http://qualcomm.com).

If there is something in particular you would like to see, feel free
to mention it to the
[San Diego Python organizers](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/suggestion/)

### Intro to Python

We hold this workshop periodically to get people started on the Python programming language.

##### January 2013

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-01-19_intro-to-python.md)

##### October 2012

[Event page](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/79563702/)

### Web Programming

We have held a couple different workshops focusing on web programming

##### March 2014: Test-Driven Django Development

[Event page](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/164679962/)

##### November 2013: Test-Driven Django Development

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-11-05_django-tdd-workshop.md)

##### February 2013: Django Day

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-02-23_django-day.md)

##### November 2012: Intro to Django

[Event page](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/83842622/)

### Data Analysis

##### April 2013

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-04-20_data-analysis.md)


[django tdd: latest]: http://test-driven-django-development.readthedocs.org/
[django day]: https://github.com/pythonsd/learning-django

Commit message:

Add Intro to Python workshop

content/pages/workshops.md, after:

Title: Workshops

## Workshops Materials

Our latest workshop materials:

- [Intro to Python][intro to python]
- [Test-Driven Django Development][django tdd: latest]


## Running Your Own Workshop

Want to run your own workshop?  Our workshop materials are provided under non-restrictive licenses.

If you do use our workshop materials, please send us an email to let us know what you think!


## Past Workshops

We host a number of workshops throughout the year and often they are
sponsored by the [Python Software Foundation](http://www.python.org/psf/)
or local companies such as
[Brightscope](http://www.brightscope.com/),
[Cuker Interactive](http://www.cukerinteractive.com/) or
[Qualcomm](http://qualcomm.com).

If there is something in particular you would like to see, feel free
to mention it to the
[San Diego Python organizers](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/suggestion/)

### Intro to Python

We hold this workshop periodically to get people started on the Python programming language.

##### January 2013

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-01-19_intro-to-python.md)

##### October 2012

[Event page](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/79563702/)

### Web Programming

We have held a couple different workshops focusing on web programming

##### March 2014: Test-Driven Django Development

[Event page](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/164679962/)

##### November 2013: Test-Driven Django Development

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-11-05_django-tdd-workshop.md)

##### February 2013: Django Day

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-02-23_django-day.md)

##### November 2012: Intro to Django

[Event page](http://www.meetup.com/pythonsd/events/83842622/)

### Data Analysis

##### April 2013

[Blog post](|filename|/posts/2013-04-20_data-analysis.md)


[django tdd: latest]: http://test-driven-django-development.readthedocs.org/
[intro to python]: https://github.com/pythonsd/intro-to-python
[django day]: https://github.com/pythonsd/learning-django
